4141 remove f90 references from both docstrings and docs (#4283)
ukaea/PROCESS: documentation/source/development/standards.md

Use an uppercase single letter, word, or words. Separate words with underscores to improve readability.

> Refrain from declaring or typing known numerical constants directly in the code. Instead call the value from `constants.py`
> If the constants doesn't exist then add it with a source link and uncertainty value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refrain from declaring or typing known numerical constants directly in the code. Instead call the value from `constants.py`.
If the constant doesn't exist then add it with a source link.
```

The constants in constants.py just seem to have a source link?
